oh their history
the (***)
ohhh
It's another book that she likes.
(***)
Which one?
oh the (***)
That knows all the characters.
When she was little
Before Lord of the Rings, it was Narnia. right?
you
when I think you were like still 10 or something I walked into their house
They have a history, timeline of what happened.
And she wrote the whole thing
Yeah.
They've already grown up. haahaa
(***)
oh
I don't remember that
I read it, I read it, but I don't remember that in detail.
haahaa
The most important...
Like all the clip parts too? In the book?
ah hh
haahaa
It's not a literature class, it's a language class.
oh wow
Wow, that's powerful.
yeah ahh
So for the movie that you're talking about, wow.
Those are the top two, but what's the number three?
So far so far nothing like
Like it moves your heart, it's like comedy.
yeah Inspirational.
for The first time.